readme.md, before:

# Warning
This library is in the very early stages of development. Pretty much all aspects of it are subject to change at any time right now. And there are still very likely things not working properly.

# What it does
This library attempts to simplify the process of making Circuit Python projects that use displayio based visual interfaces.

The two primary ways we aim to do this are:
 
 - Provide a JSON based layout config system. Layouts can be stored seperately from the logic of the application and rendered with minimal python code. 
 - Provide a few Layout objects that will use some pre-defined techniques for positioning their sub_views
 
 This library will take a JSON layout file like this:
 ```JSON
 {
  "view_type": "AbsoluteLayout",
  "sub_views": [
    {
      "view_type": "Label",
      "id":"main_lbl",
      "attributes":{
        "anchored_position": ["DISPLAY_WIDTH/2", "DISPLAY_HEIGHT/8"],
        "color": "0xFF00FF",
        "anchor_point": [0.5, 0.0],
        "text": "1",
        "max_glyphs": 60,
        "background_color": "0x0000FF",
        "line_spacing": 1.8
      }
    }
  ]
}
 ```
 And allow you to render it to the screen with some python code like this:
 ```python
import board
import displayio
from display_layouts.absolute_layout import AbsoluteLayout

f = open("layouts/simpletest.json", "r")
layout_str = f.read()
f.close()
main_layout = AbsoluteLayout(board.DISPLAY, layout_str)

board.DISPLAY.show(main_layout.view)

#main_layout.sub_view_by_index(0).label.text = "Changed Text\nBy Index"
main_layout.sub_view_by_id("main_lbl").label.text = "Changed\nText By Id"

while True:
    pass
```
For more examples see the [examples](examples) directory in the repo.

If you have any feedback about the project please get in touch I am curious to get input :)

Release Notes:
- 6/26/2020:
    - Shapes from the display_shapes library are now supported with `view_type` of `Line`, `Rect`, `RoundRect`, `Polygon`
    - [Shapes example](examples/display_layouts_shapes_test.py)
- 6/25/2020:
    - `WIDTH` and `HEIGHT` are now supported in relavent attribute fields. They will refer to the final views size.
    - Complex attribute values where relavent now support by using sanitized `eval()`
    - [Unsave eval test](examples/display_layouts_test_unsafe_eval.py)

Commit message:

add layout file links to release notes

readme.md, after:

# Warning
This library is in the very early stages of development. Pretty much all aspects of it are subject to change at any time right now. And there are still very likely things not working properly.

# What it does
This library attempts to simplify the process of making Circuit Python projects that use displayio based visual interfaces.

The two primary ways we aim to do this are:
 
 - Provide a JSON based layout config system. Layouts can be stored seperately from the logic of the application and rendered with minimal python code. 
 - Provide a few Layout objects that will use some pre-defined techniques for positioning their sub_views
 
 This library will take a JSON layout file like this:
 ```JSON
 {
  "view_type": "AbsoluteLayout",
  "sub_views": [
    {
      "view_type": "Label",
      "id":"main_lbl",
      "attributes":{
        "anchored_position": ["DISPLAY_WIDTH/2", "DISPLAY_HEIGHT/8"],
        "color": "0xFF00FF",
        "anchor_point": [0.5, 0.0],
        "text": "1",
        "max_glyphs": 60,
        "background_color": "0x0000FF",
        "line_spacing": 1.8
      }
    }
  ]
}
 ```
 And allow you to render it to the screen with some python code like this:
 ```python
import board
import displayio
from display_layouts.absolute_layout import AbsoluteLayout

f = open("layouts/simpletest.json", "r")
layout_str = f.read()
f.close()
main_layout = AbsoluteLayout(board.DISPLAY, layout_str)

board.DISPLAY.show(main_layout.view)

#main_layout.sub_view_by_index(0).label.text = "Changed Text\nBy Index"
main_layout.sub_view_by_id("main_lbl").label.text = "Changed\nText By Id"

while True:
    pass
```
For more examples see the [examples](examples) directory in the repo.

If you have any feedback about the project please get in touch I am curious to get input :)

Release Notes:
- 6/26/2020:
    - Shapes from the display_shapes library are now supported with `view_type` of `Line`, `Rect`, `RoundRect`, `Polygon`
    - [Shapes example](examples/display_layouts_shapes_test.py) and [layout file](examples/layouts/shapes_test.json)
- 6/25/2020:
    - `WIDTH` and `HEIGHT` are now supported in relavent attribute fields. They will refer to the final views size.
    - Complex attribute values where relavent now support by using sanitized `eval()`
    - [Unsave eval test](examples/display_layouts_test_unsafe_eval.py) and [layout file](examples/layouts/test_unsafe_eval.json)
